heartcore: updated webhook screenshots & info (#6327)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-heartcore/getting-started/webhooks.md

# Webhooks

Webhooks give you the ability to send information about events in Heartcore to external systems. They work by sending an HTTP POST request to a configured endpoint, with information about the event in the request body.

## Uses

Webhooks can keep other systems in-sync with content from Heartcore without having to poll it for changes.

> One common use-case is building static websites. By adding a webhook, you can inform your chosen static site builder when content has changed so that it can re-generate static assets on-demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One common use case is building static websites. By adding a webhook, you can inform your chosen static site builder when content changes so that it can re-generate static assets on demand.
```

## Creating a webhook

Webhooks are managed from a dashboard in the settings section of the backoffice.

![Webhooks dashboard](images/webhooks-dashboard.png)

Clicking **Create webhook** will open a screen where you can configure desired behaviour for the hook.

![Create webhook screen](images/webhooks-add.png)

An overview of possible configuration options is as follows.

* **Url**

  The URL that Heartcore will send a POST request to when conditions are met.

* **Events**

  Backoffice or Management API action(s) that will cause the webhook request to be sent.

* **Content Type** _(optional)_

  Restrict the webhook to firing only if one of these content or media types were affected by one of the selected events.

* **Enabled**

  Toggle the webhook on or off. While disabled, no requests will be sent.

* **Headers**

  Configure custom HTTP headers to be sent with the request. May be useful for e.g. identifying the source of a request or for authorization.

Once the webhook has been created you can manage it from the dashboard. 

![Manage your created webhooks](images/webhooks-manage.png)

## Webhook behaviour specifics

### Retries

> When a webhook is triggered, if it fails to be processed by the endpoint Heartcore will attempt to re-deliver it up to 9 more times. Webhooks are retried under any of the following circumstances:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a webhook is triggered, if it fails to be processed by the endpoint Heartcore attempts to re-deliver it up to 9 more times. 

```
